.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH SHIM 1 "JANUARY 2013" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
shim \- wedge this HTTP proxy between your browser and Tor
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B shim [\-l host] [\-p port] [\-qdVv] [socks proxy]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B shim
is a tool for converting HTTP requests into SOCKS (4/4a) connections. It is
designed for use with the Tor anonymity network.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\-l [host]"
The address to listen on, or "any" to listen on all available
interfaces. The default listen address is '127.0.0.1'.
.IP "\-p [port]"
The port to listen on. Default is 8123.
.IP "\-q"
Decrease verbosity. You can specify this option more than once.
.IP "\-d"
Do not daemonize.
.IP "\-v"
Increase verbosity. You can specify this option more than once.
.IP "\-V"
Print the version and exit.
.IP "[socks proxy]"
This is an optional argument specifying the SOCKS server to make
connections through. SOCKS proxies are specified like this:

  socks_version://address[:port]

Recognized SOCKS versions are socks4 and socks4a. With socks4, all
host names are resolved through your name server, while with socks4a,
host names are passed to your SOCKS server. The port is optional. By
default it is set to 1080.

To use shim with a typically-configured Tor:

  socks4a://127.0.0.1:9050

If you built shim with --disable-direct-connections, you'll want
socks4a!
.SH BUGS
It's likely! Let us know by contacting jacob@torproject.org

Note that
.B shim(1)
is in Alpha, and may not work as expected.
.SH AUTHORS
Christopher Davis <chrisd@torproject.org>

Jacob Appelbaum <jacob@torproject.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B tor(1)
